Azure JSON Documentation Updates (#34324)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/core/azure-json/README.md

#### Include direct dependency

> If you want to take dependency on a particular version of the library that isn't present in the BOM,

Reviewer: This is needed only when we add `#### Include the BOM file` section above this. Also, if we are not adding the BOM section, the sub-heading `Include direct dependency` is not needed.

### JsonSerializable

`JsonSerializable` is used to define how an object is JSON serialized and deserialized using stream-style serialization
where the object itself manages the logic for how it's handled. The interface provides an instance-based `toJson` API 

> that handles writing the object to a `JsonWriter` and a static `fromJson` API which implementations must overwrite to 

Reviewer: We can say "implementations must provide a static `fromJson` method to create an object by reading...". 
For a static method, we don't usually use `overwrite`.

Do we have any checkstyle rule to catch this if an implementation doesn't include the `fromJson` method?

Author: I'll file an issue to add a Checkstyle rule to validate implementations of `JsonSerializable` have a `fromJson` method

forward.

`JsonReader` allows for type conversion between JSON types, such as trying to convert a JSON string to a number or vice
versa, and for commonly used nonstandard JSON values, such as `NaN`, `INF`, `-INF`, `Infinity`, and `-Infinity`.

`JsonReader` doesn't take ownership of the JSON input source and therefore doesn't close any resources if the JSON is 
provided using an `InputStream` or `Reader`.

#### Nesting Limits

> To prevent `StackOverflowError`s, `JsonReader`'s generic `readUntyped` API tracks how deeply nested the object being read
> is, if the nesting passes the threshold of `1000` an `IllegalStateException` is thrown in an attempt to prevent the stack 
> from overflowing.

Reviewer: We can remove double reference to stack overflow by slightly re-wording this.

```suggestion
`JsonReader`'s generic `readUntyped` API tracks how deeply nested the object being read is. If the nesting passes the threshold of `1000`, `IllegalStateException` is thrown to prevent `StackOverflowError`.
```

are allowed.

### Providing an SPI implementation

`JsonReader` and `JsonWriter` are service provider interfaces used by `JsonProvider` and `JsonProviders` to enable
implementations to be loaded from the class path. The Azure JSON package provides a default implementation that is
used if one can't be found on the class path. To provide a custom implementation, implement `JsonReader`, `JsonWriter`,
and `JsonProvider` in your own package and indicate that the package provides an instance of `JsonProvider`. To ensure
that your implementations are correct, include the `test` scoped dependency of Azure JSON and extend the
`JsonReaderContractTests`, `JsonWriterContractTests`, and `JsonProviderContractTests`. These tests outline all basic
contract requirements set forth by `JsonReader`, `JsonWriter`, and `JsonProvider` and testing a few complex scenarios 
to provide validation of any implementation.

## Examples

Check out the [samples README][samples_readme] for in-depth examples on how to use Azure JSON.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any bugs, please file issues via [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/issues/new/choose)

> or checkout [StackOverflow for Azure Java SDK](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-java-sdk).

Reviewer: Are we now pointing to StackOverflow in all our troubleshooting guides?

Author: This was just copied from existing READMEs, so I guess so?

> ## Next steps

Reviewer: This section is empty. We should include some "further reading" content here.

and `-Infinity` are supported in JSON reading and writing with a default setting of `true`, that non-numeric numbers 
are allowed.

### Providing an SPI implementation

`JsonReader` and `JsonWriter` are service provider interfaces used by `JsonProvider` and `JsonProviders` to enable
implementations to be loaded from the class path. The Azure JSON package provides a default implementation that will be
used if one can't be found on the class path. To provide a custom implementation, implement `JsonReader`, `JsonWriter`,
and `JsonProvider` in your own package and indicate that the package provides an instance of `JsonProvider`. To ensure
that your implementations are correct include the `test` scoped dependency of Azure JSON and extend the
`JsonReaderContractTests`, `JsonWriterContractTests`, and `JsonProviderContractTests`. These tests outline all basic
contract requirements set forth by `JsonReader`, `JsonWriter`, and `JsonProvider` as well as testing a few complex
scenarios to provide validation of any implementation.

## Examples

> Checkout the [samples README][samples_readme] for in-depth examples on how to use Azure JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out the [samples README][samples_readme] for in-depth examples on how to use Azure JSON.
```
